Add metadata cache management page (#15)
wso2/docs-ob-toolkit-cds: en/docs/learn/metadata-cache-management.md

Data Holders must be able to respond to changes in the status of Data Recipients and associated software products on the 
CDR Register within 2-5 minutes of the occurrence of the change. Data Holders can accomplish this by polling APIs to 
get current statuses and check the validity of Data Recipients and associated software products, then caching these for
use during consumer data requests.

Metadata Cache Management module of WSO2 Open Banking supports:

1. Retrieving the statuses of Accredited Data Recipient (ADR) software products from the Australian Competition and
   Consumer Commission (ACCC).

2. Validating ADR and software product during:

    - Requests to disclose CDR data
    - Requests to withdraw CDR Arrangement ID
    - Consumer authorizes the CDR Arrangement ID

3. Performing Data Holder responsibilities such as revoking CDR Arrangement ID and removing client registrations.

    ![metadata_cache_management](../assets/img/learn/metadata-cache/metadata-cache-mgt.png)

### Configuring Metadata Management

> By default, Metadata Cache Management is configured in WSO2 Open Banking for Australia as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Metadata Cache Management is configured in WSO2 Open Banking CDS Toolkit as follows:
```

> 1. Open  the `<WSO2_OB_IAM_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open  the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.
```

                            "softwareProductName": "Financial Passport",
                            "softwareProductDescription": "The Financial Passport is used to generate a picture of your current financial position and can be used when applying for loans",
                            "logoUri": "https://content.frollo.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Frollo-Logo-2.png",
                            "status": "ACTIVE"
                          }
                        ],
                        "status": "ACTIVE"
                      }
                    ],
                    "status": "ACTIVE",
                    "lastUpdated": "2020-07-08T07:20:35Z"
                   }
                  ]
                }
             ```
    
    - `dcr_internal_url` : The endpoint of the API Manager internal URL accessing Dynamic Client Registration. 
    - `apim_application_search_url` : WSO2 API Manager application search admin endpoint that returns the
[list of client applications](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/reference/product-apis/admin-apis/admin-v2/admin-v2/#tag/Applications/paths/~1applications/get).

>     - `http_request_retry_count` : Define the retry count for http request failures, when polling the `data_recipient_discovery_url`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `http_request_retry_count` : Define the retry count for HTTP request failures, when polling the `data_recipient_discovery_url`.
```

>     - `dataholder_responsibilities.bulk_execution` : To execute data holder responsibilities as an overnight bulk operation, set the value to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `dataholder_responsibilities.bulk_execution` : To execute data holder responsibilities as an overnight bulk operation, set the value to `true`.
```

> Data Holders are required to be able to react to Data Recipient and associated software product status changes within

Reviewer: Shall we reword this to:
`Data Holders must be able to respond to changes in the status of Data Recipients and associated software products on the CDR Register within 2-5 minutes of the occurrence of the change.`

> 2-5 minutes of the change occurring on the CDR Register. To achieve this, Data Holders can poll APIs to retrieve the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Holders can accomplish this by polling APIs to get current statuses and check the validity of Data Recipients and associated software products, then caching these for use during consumer data requests.
```

current statuses and check the validity of Data Recipients and associated software products and cache these for use
during requests for consumer data.

Metadata Cache Management module of WSO2 Open Banking supports:

1. Retrieving the statuses of Accredited Data Recipient (ADR) software products from the Australian Competition and
   Consumer Commission (ACCC).

2. Validating ADR and software product during:

> - Requests to disclose CDR data

Reviewer: check the formatting of these 3 bullet points.

- Requests to withdraw CDR Arrangement ID
- Consumer authorizes the CDR Arrangement ID

> 3. Performing Data Holder responsibilities such as revoking CDR Arrangement ID and removing client registrations.

Reviewer: check the formatting of this point as well. 
<img width="718" alt="Screenshot 2022-04-21 at 14 24 34" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14251853/164418717-46a2267c-b313-4982-93b0-4e5d6205d711.png">

   ![metadata_cache_management](../assets/img/learn/metadata-cache/metadata-cache-mgt.png)

> ### Configuring Metadata Management

Reviewer: Let's restructure this section.

Reviewer: Fixed in e5480f779cfe66414a56090b363201faf84e1e30

By default, Metadata Cache Management is configured in WSO2 Open Banking for Australia as follows:

- Open  the `<WSO2_OB_IAM_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.
- Update the following configurations as required:

    ``` toml
    [open_banking_cds.metadata_cache]
    enable=true
    update_period=2
    data_recipients_discovery_url="https://api.cdr.gov.au/cdr-register/v1/banking/data-recipients"
    dcr_internal_url="https://<WSO2_OB_IAM_HOST>:9446/api/openbanking/dynamic-client-registration/register"
    apim_application_search_url="https://<WSO2_OB_AM_HOST>:9443/api/am/admin/v2/applications"
    http_request_retry_count=2
    dataholder_responsibilities.bulk_execution=true
    dataholder_responsibilities.bulk_execution_hour=12
    ```
    
    ``` toml
    [[resource.access_control]]
    context = "(.*)/api/openbanking/metadata-mgt/(.*)"
    secure="true"
    http_method="POST"
    permissions=["/permission/admin"]
    allowed_auth_handlers = ["BasicAuthentication"]
   
    [[open_banking.service_activator.subscribers]]
    subscriber="com.wso2.openbanking.cds.identity.metadata.periodical.updater.internal.MetadataScheduledTaskObserver
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Let's remove these unnecessary extra lines after lines 135-144
